But you make everything alright, when you hold and you squeeze me tight. But you make everything alright, when you hold and you squeeze me tight. But you make everything alright, when you hold and you squeeze me tight. But you make everything alright, when you hold and you squeeze me tight. You make me feel so nice, when I'm around with you Wake up in the mornin' and i will spend my whole life with you The sweetness of your smile helps away with all of my fears. If it should all go wrong our lives 'll come to tears Iv never been so deep into anyone else but you A place within my heart Never been so close to you. And if you want me to hang around then I'll never let go Ill give you all my time, stick around with you for sure But you make everything alright, when you hold and you squeeze me tight. But you make everything alright, when you hold and you squeeze me tight. But you make everything alright, when you hold and you squeeze me tight. But you make everything alright, when you hold and you squeeze me tight. If this should all come true, I'ma give my heart to you To keep safe in your arms like i know that you want me to. It gives me so much joy that i can call you all of mine Oh will it all work out, we'll i see just give it time. And if it all goes right looking down from a birds eye view, I'll see my life made good from the time that i spent with you I'll give you anything and everything will work out fine So i can trust in you because you give me peace of mind. Cause you are all i want, and you are all i need Cause you are all i want... Cause you are all i want, and you are all i need Cos you are all i want... You take me by the hand, because I'm your only man, because I'm your only man, because I'm. Cos you make everything alright, when you hold and you squeeze me tight Cos you make everything alright, when you hold and you squeeze me tight Cos you make everything alright, when you hold and you squeeze me tight Cos you make everything alright, when you hold and you squeeze me tight I'll do anything for you You'll do anything for me I'll do anything for you keep on telling me keep on using me I'll do anything for you You'll do anything for me I'll do anything for you keep on using me keep on using me I'll do anything for you You'll do anything for me I'll do anything for you keep n telling me keep on using me