( H I V) Here I am different in this normal world Why did you tease me? Made me feel upset Fucking stereotypes feeding their heads I am ugly Please just go away( H I V) I can see it's hard to find This blessing in disguise( H I V) Why do you treat me this way? Made the hate stay As I walk I can never seem to escape All the laughing All the pain If you were me, what would you do? Nothing, probably You'd just throw me away I can see it's hard to find( H I V) This blessing in disguise Why do you treat me this way?( H I V) Made the hate stay Faget Faget Faget Here I am different in this normal world Why did you tease me? Made me feel upset Fucking stereotypes feeding their heads I am ugly Please just go away( H I V) I can see it's hard to find This blessing in disguise Why do you treat me this way?( H I V) Made the hate stay Faget Pussy I'm just a "pretty boy", whatever you call it You wouldn't know a real man if you saw it It keeps going on, day after day, son" You faget! Get away, we don't want none." I'm sick and tired of people treating me this way every day Who gives a fuck right now? I got something to say To all the people that think I'm strange That I should be out of here locked up in a cage You don't know what the hell is up now anyway You got this "pretty boy" feeling like I'm enslaved To a world that never appreciated shit You can suck my dick and fuckin' like it He had my gun but he had the body mighty any say He had my gun but he had the body mighty anyway He had my gun but he had the body mighty I'm not going to say He had my gun but he had the body mighty anyway He had my gun but he had the body mighty any say He had my gun but he had the body mighty going away He had my gun but he had the body mighty I'm not going to say He had my gun but he had the body mighty anyway I'm just a pretty boy, I'm not supposed to fuck a girl I'm just a pretty boy, living in this fucked-up world I'm just a pretty boy, I'm not supposed to fuck a girl I'm just a pretty boy, living in this fucked-up world All my life, who am I? All my life, who am I? All my life, who am I? All my life, who am I? All my life, who am I? All my life, who am I? All my life, who am I? All my life, who am I? All my life, who am I? All my life, who am I? All my life, who am I? All my life I'm just a faget Faget I'm just a faget Faget I'm just a faget Faget I'm a faget Faget I'm not a faget (or am I) Faget I'm not a faget (or am I) Faget I'm not a faget (or am I) Faget You motherfuckin' queers