The clock strikes twelve and moondrops burst Out at you from their hiding place Like acid and oil on a madman's face His reason tends to fly away Like lesser birds on the four winds Like silver scrapes in May And now the sand's become a crust And most of you have gone away Come Susie dear, let's take a walk Just out there upon the beach I know you'll soon be married And you'll want to know where winds come from Well it's never said at all On the map that Carrie reads Behind the clock back there you know At the Four Winds Bar Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Four winds at the Four Winds Bar Two doors locked and windows barred One door to let to take you in The other one just mirrors it Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hellish glare and inference The other one's a duplicate The Queenly flux, eternal light Or the light that never warms Or the light that never, never warms Or the light that never Never warms Never warms Never warms The clock strikes twelve and moondrops burst Out at you from their hiding place Miss Carrie nurse and Susie dear Would find themselves at Four Winds Bar It's the nexus of the crisis And the origin of storms Just the place to hopelessly Encounter time and then came me Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Call me Desdinova Eternal light These gravely digs of mine Will surely prove a sight And don't forget my dog Fixed and consequent Astronomy...a star Astronomy...a star Astronomy...a star Astronomy...a star( Spoken by Stephen King): Imaginos, performed by Blue Oyster Cult... A bedtime story for the children of the damned. From a dream world paralleling our Earth in time and space, the Invisible Ones have sent an agent who will dream the dream of history. With limitless power, he becomes the greatest actor of the 19th century. Taking on many disguises, he places himself at pivotal junctures in history, continually altering its course and testing our ability to respond to evil. His name...is Imaginos. The clock strikes twelve and moondrops burst Out at you from their hiding place Like acid and oil on a madman's face Reason tends to fly away Like lesser birds on the four winds Like silver scrapes in May Now the sand's become a crust And most of you have gone away Come, Susie dear, let's take a walk Just out there upon the beach I know you'll soon be married And you'll want to know where wind comes from Well it's never said at all On the map that Carrie reads Behind the clock back there you know At the Four Winds Bar Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Four doors at the Four Winds Bar Two doors locked and windows barred One door to let to take you in The other one just mirrors it Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Hellish glare and inference The other one's a duplicate The Queenly flux, eternal light Or the light that never warms Or the light that never, never warms Or the light that never... Never... Never... Never... Never warms The clock strikes twelve and moondrops burst Out at you from their hiding place Miss Carrie nurse and Susie dear Find themselves at Four Winds Bar It's the nexus of the crisis And the origin of storms Just the place to hopelessly Encounter time and then came me Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Call me Desdinova Eternal light (light) These gravely digs of mine Will surely prove a sight And don't forget my dog Fixed and consequent Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Hey! Hey - Hey! Astronomy...a star Astronomy...a star Astronomy...a star Astronomy...a star A star!