Face down in the gutter, won't admit defeat Though his clothes are soiled and black He's a big strong man with a child's mind Don't you take his booze away Hey! He's been at it for years, drinkin' balls and beers He's a hero to most he meets ( Hey hey hey!) But inside he cries, black swollen eyes This man, he sheds no tears Now his wife and kids sing a different tune As they worry 'bout their daddy dyin' ( Hey hey hey!) But this arrogant fool breaks every rule It'll be nothin' but pride that kills him Can he listen? No, he won't That's all she wrote He'll be dead before the daylight shines Cause' the thoughts and prayers of a million strong Might keep this fool from dying He's a legend in the bar with every scar Fights a thousand bigger men ( Hey hey hey!) Now he fights and loses, got all the bruises Will someone please step in?' Cause this Irish fool's got a great big heart He keeps climbing back into the ring ( Hey hey hey!) In the low down circles where he holds his court This man, he once was king Can he listen? No, he won't That's all she wrote He'll be dead before the daylight shines Cause' the thoughts and prayers of a million strong Might keep this fool from dying Can he listen? No, he won't That's all she wrote He'll be dead before the daylight shines Cause' the thoughts and prayers of a million strong Might keep this fool from dying This one still goes out to the Boston Punks and Skins A rowdy bunch they are...(varies from C Ds) He's a legend in the bar with every scar Fights a thousand bigger men ( Hey hey hey!) Now he fights and loses, got all the bruises Will someone please step in?' Cause this Irish fool's got a great big heart He keeps climbing back into the ring ( Hey hey hey!) In the low down circles where he holds his court This man, he once was king Can he listen? No, he won't That's all she wrote He'll be dead before the daylight shines Cause' the thoughts and prayers of a million strong Might keep this fool from dying Can he listen? No, he won't That's all she wrote He'll be dead before the daylight shines Cause' the thoughts and prayers of a million strong Might keep this fool from dying