Too long Too long Too long Too long It's been much too long I feel it coming on The feeling's getting strong It's been much too long I feel it coming on The feeling's in my bones It's been much too long I feel it coming on The feeling's getting strong It's been much too long I feel it coming on The feeling's in my bones Too long Can you feel it? Too long Oh, can you feel it? Too long Can you feel it? Too long Oh, can you feel it? Mmh Yeah Mmh Yeah Mmh Yeah Mmh Yeah At last the long wait is over The weight is off my shoulder I'm taking all control My, my mind is set so free I'm where I want to be To get the best of me Too long Can you feel it? Too long Oh, can you feel it? Too long Can you feel it? Too long Oh, can you feel it? I see you feel the way I do The feeling's all so true The good feelings coming through My, my mind is set so free I'm where I want to be To get the best of me Too long Can you feel it? Too long Oh, can you feel it? Too long Can you feel it? Too long Oh, can you feel it? It's been much too long I feel it coming on The feeling's getting strong It's been much too long I feel it coming on The feeling's in my bones It's been much too long I feel it coming on The feeling's getting strong It's been much too long I feel it coming on The feeling's in my bones Too long Can you feel it? Too long Oh, can you feel it? Too long Can you feel it? Too long Oh, can you feel it? At last the long wait is over The weight is off my shoulders I'm taking all control, yeah My, my mind is set so free I'm where I want to be To get the best of me Too long Can you feel it? Too long Oh, can you feel it? Too long Can you feel it? Too long Oh, can you feel it? Too long Can you feel it? Too long Oh, can you feel it? Too long Can you feel it? Too long Oh, can you feel it? Too long Can you feel it? Too long Oh, can you feel it? Too long Can you feel it? Too long Oh, can you feel it? Can you feel it? You know you need it Hey I need it too Well, alright You know you need it It's good for you We're gonna move