" Calling Apollo 9. calling Apollo 9. What is your condition? Over."" Calling N A S A. Calling N A S A. This is Apollo 9. Condition Green. We've landed on Mars, and all systems are go..." Yo, it's three thousand thirty I want y'all to meet Deltron Zero, hero, not no small feat It's all heat in this day and age I raid your grave; anything it takes to save the day Neuromancer, perfect blend of technology and magic Use my rapping so you all could see the hazards Plus entertainment where many are brainless We cultivated the lost art of study and I brought a buddy Automator, hard to slay your fascinating combinations Cyber warlords are activating abominations Arm a nation with hatred; we ain't with that We high-tech archaeologists searching for knickknacks Composing musical stimpacks that impacts the soul Crack the mold of what you think you rapping for I used to be a mech soldier but I didn't respect orders I had to step forward, tell them this ain't for us Living in a post-apocalyptic world morbid and horrid The secrets of the past they hoarded Now we just boarded on our futuristic spacecraft No mistakes, black, it's our music we must take back[x3]" Yo, it's three thousand thirty I want y'all to meet Deltron Zero, and Automator." Del, I'm feeling like a ghost in a shell I wrote this in jail playing host to a cell For the pure verbal; they said my sentence was equivalent to murder Just another hurdle, I bounce through a portal I knew they had the mind-state of mere mortals My ears morph to receptors that catch your Every word about gravity control And the families they hold for handsome ransom On the run with a handgun, blast bioforms; I am warned That a planetwide manhunt with cannons Will make me abandon my foolish plan of uprising Fuck dying! I hijack a mech Control it with my magical chants, so battle advanced Through centuries of hip hop legacy. Megaspeed Hyperwarp to Automator's crib and light the torch They can't fight the force Victory is ours once we strike the source Enterprising wise men look to the horizon Thinking more capitalism is the wisdom And imprison all citizens empowered with rhythm We keep the funk alive by talking with idioms[x3]" Yo, it's three thousand thirty I want y'all to meet Deltron Zero, and Automator." It's an eternal evil concerned with thievery Medieval prehistoric rhetoric; well, we ahead of that Lay it down with soundwaves that pound pavement Original minstrels— my central processing unit Is in tune with my heart for this art Not artificial, cause that makes it hard to miss you Copycats finish last in the human race Staying glued to safes, too prude to take a buddha break We got espers that let us bless with fresh shit Undetected by yes-men questing for five fleeting nanoseconds of fame Protecting the brain from conspiracies against my cosmos While I float to Neo- Tokyo with Opio Or discuss combustible rust clusters with Plus Evade cyber police in a computer crib, confuse the kids But I can make a kicking rhyme that's sacred Telepathic mind that takes its greatness from the Matrix Esper rhyme professor rushes occult oppression With correction measures While half the world's a desert Cannibals eat human brains for dessert Buried in the deep dirt, mobility inert I insert these codes for the cataclysm Ever since I had the vision, use my magnetism In this modern metropolis they tries to lock us up Under preposterous laws that's not for us[x3]" Yo, it's three thousand thirty I want y'all to meet Deltron Zero, and Automator."