And the angel of the lord led me Into the belly of the holy mother A chamber black as pitch But I felt no fear, only comfort, For I was as a child in the womb And she bade me" Peer through yonder portal Which looked upon the heavens, And behold! a mournin' angel" She ascended slowly from far beyond the horizon, Her light like a heavenly finger pointing the way And on yonder wall she traced for me a path Which led me five directions, eight winters to east, And behold! As my feet landed firmly Upon the vital winter of the second score There appeared before me a heavenly star A holy virgin, the bringer of life and breath And she spoke unto me saying" Fear not the movement of the heavens above or the earth below For change is what we are, my child. Righteous are those Who look up and sway with the wind, Who look down and dance with the shifting of the soil, Who swim with the movement of the tides Who seek the truth around them And discover that we are, And have always been, in paradise. The reflections of heaven on earth." Amen!' And she spoke again saying" Know, my child, That there is no devil seekin' To cause guilt in the hearts to men. No evil, save blind faith, ignorance, And the desire for the unprepared To blame others for the devastation Left in the wake of change Change, my child Change is in the heavens Change is on this earth Change is all around us And if we Are reflections of the divine We must roll with these changes, For we are these changes. Eyes wide open, We must look upon The heavens as a mirror. Wide awake, aware, deeply breathing And when the ship comes down, my child, You will be there, A true and holy survivor To inherit the kingdom of God. You will rise above the grumbles of the unprepared To greet the new day, To drink from the sweet fruit of the vine, The water of life, the blood of the risen Christ, my child."" Go now, son, Tell them all. The ignorant, the blind paw of dogma, Blinded by faith, the doubters, the nay sayers. Tell them all, child, They cannot see The kingdom of God, They cannot see paradise Unfold before them They cannot drink From the chalice Which holds the blood of Christ, The water of life, Until they get right with Jesus. Until they get right with Jesus. It's always gonna be Sour grapes with you, boy, Until you get right with Jesus. Amen!"