I wanna slit your throat and fuck the wound Wanna push my face in and feel the swoon Wanna dig inside, find a little bit of me Cause a line gets crossed when you don't come clean My wormwood meets your pesticide You'll never get out, cause you were never alive I am infinite, I am the infant finite Come a little closer and I'll show you why Noises, noises, people make noises People make noises when they're sick Nothing to do except hold on to nothing! Noises, noises, people make noises People make noises when they're sick Nothing to do except hold on to nothing! How does it feel to be locked inside another dream That never had a chance of being realized? What the fuck are you looking at? I'll tell you what you're looking at Everyone you ever fucking laughed at! Look in my eyes for the answers, typical I can feel it underneath like a miracle Everybody in the world needs more than Lies and consequences to power them Once again, it's me and no one else I can't remember if there was a someone else! It's not mine, it's not fair, it's outta my hands And it's shaking; You'll never take me Noises, noises, people make noises People make noises when they're sick Nothing to do except hold on to nothing! Noises, noises, people make noises People make noises when they're sick Nothing to do except hold on to nothing! Hate ain't enough to describe me Somewhere between screaming and crying I'm not supposed to be here! I'm not supposed to be When do I get to know why? Bitter as the stink of when I try I'm not supposed to be here! I'm not supposed to be I feel like I'm erased, So kill me just in case So kill me just in case! Everything around me's mine Can't see through the sties in my eyes I'm not supposed to be here! I'm not supposed to be Scratching and clawing all the way You won't let me fucking stay I'm not supposed to be here! I'm not supposed to be Is there another way to live? Cause it's the only way to die I'm not supposed to be here! I'm not supposed to be I'm not supposed to be here! I'm not supposed to be I'm not supposed to be here! I'm not supposed to be!