(talking) A beautiful girl can make you dizzy, like you've beendrinking jack and coke all morning. She can make you feel high, fill a single greatest commodity known to man:promise; promise of a better day, promise of a greater hope, promise of a new tomorrow. This particular aura can be found in the gate of a beautiful girl:in her smile, and in her soul, and the way she makes everyrotten little thing about life seem like it's gonna be ok. September never stays this cold where I come from And you know I'm not one for complaining, But I love the way you roll excuses off the tip of your tongueas I slowly fall apart (slowly, quietly, slowly) Fall apart This won't mean a thing come tomorrow And that's exactly how I'll make it seem Cause I'm still not sleeping, Thinking I've crawled home from worse than this So please, please (please) I'm running out of sympathy ( I'm running out of sympathy)and I never said I'd take this, I never said I'd take this lying down She says, come on come on, let's just get this over with She says, come on come on, let's just get this over with She says, come on come on, let's just get this over with She says, come on, come on..( I never said I'd take this lying down, let's just get this over with,and I've crawled home from worse than this) You always come close but this never comes easy,( I still know everything) You always come close but this never comes easy, I still know everything. You always come close but this never comes easy, I still know everything. You always come so close... I still know everything, I still know everything I still know... You always come close but this never comes easy You always come close but this never comes easy You always come...you come in close I never said I'd take this lying down, I never said I'd take this lying down, I never said I'd take this lying down, But I've crawled home from worse than this If it's not keeping you up nights, Then what's the point? Then what's the point? Then what's the point? Then what's the point? I'm in your room, now is this turning you on? Am I turning you on? I'm in your room, are you turned on? I'm on the corner of your bed, I'm thinking maybe, are you turned on? Are you turned on?