Your lipstick, his collar... Don't bother, Angel I know exactly what goes on When everything you'll get is everything that you've wanted Well, Princess, which would you prefer: My finger on the trigger or... Me face down, down across your floor? Me face down, down across your floor? Me face down, down across your floor? Well, just so long as this thing's loaded... And will you tell all your friends you've got your gun to my head? This all was only wishful thinking This all was only wishful thinking And will you tell all your friends you've got your gun to my head? This all was only wishful thinking This all was only wishful thinking Let's go... Don't bother trying to explain, Angel I know exactly what goes on when you're on and how about... I'm outside of your window watching him keep the details covered You're such a sucker (you're such a sucker) for a sweet talker, yeah And will you tell all your friends you've got your gun to my head? This all was only wishful thinking This all was only wishful thinking( The only thing I regret is that I... I never let you hold me back) And will you tell all your friends you've got your gun to my head? This all was only wishful thinking This all was only wishful thinking Hoping for the best, just hoping nothing happens A thousand clever lines unread on clever napkins I will never ask if you don't ever tell me I know you well enough to know you never loved me( Why can't I feel anything for anyone other than you?) Hoping for the best, just hoping nothing happens A thousand clever lines unread on clever napkins I will never ask if you don't ever tell me I know you well enough to know you never loved me( Why can't I feel anything for anyone other than you?) Hoping for the best, just hoping nothing happens A thousand clever lines unread on clever napkins I will never ask if you don't ever tell me I know you well enough to know... And all of this was all your fault And all of this... I stay wrecked and jealous for this, for this simple reason I just need to keep you in mind as something larger than life( She'll destroy us all before she's through and find a way to blame somebody else) I stay wrecked and jealous for this, for this simple reason I just need to keep you in mind as something larger than life( She'll destroy us all before she's through and find a way to blame somebody else) I stay wrecked and jealous for this, for this simple reason I just need to keep you in mind as something larger than life