Did you never give a damn in the first place? Maybe it's time you had the tables turned' Cause in the interest of all involved I got the problem solved and the verdict is guilty Man, nearly killed me, stepping where you fear to tread Stop, drop, and roll, you were dead from the get-go Big motherfucker, stupid cocksucker Are you scared of me now? Then you're dumber than I thought Always is and never was Foundation made of piss and vinegar Step to me, I'll smear ya, think I fear you, bullshit Just another dumb punk chomping at this tit Is there any way to break through the noise? Was it something that I said that got you bent? Gotta be that way if you want it Sanity, literal profanity, Hit me Spit it out All you wanna do is drag me down All I wanna do is stamp you out Spit it out All you wanna do is drag me down All I wanna do is stamp you out Maybe it's the way you gotta spread a lotta rumor fodder Keeping all your little spies and leaving when you realize Step up, fairy, I guess it's time to bury your ass with a chrome straight to the dome You heard me right, bitch, I didn't stutter And if you know what's good, just shut up and beg, brother Backstab, don't you know who you're dissing? Sideswipe, we know the ass that you're kissing! Biggety-biggety bitch-boy, halfway hauser Don't hear shit, 'cause it keeps getting louder Come up and you get a face full o' tactic Lipping off hard? Going home in a basket You got no pull, no power, no nothing Now you start shit? Well, ain't that something Payoffs don't protect and you can hide if you want But I'll find you, coming up behind you Spit it out All you wanna do is drag me down All I wanna do is stamp you out Spit it out All you wanna do is drag me down All I wanna do is stamp you out' Bout time I set this record straight All the needle-nose punching is making me irate Sick of my bitching falling on deaf ears Where you gonna be in the next five years? The crew and all the fools and all the politics Get your lips ready, gonna gag, gonna make you sick You got dick when they passed out the good stuff Bam, are you sick of me? Good enough, had enough Fuck me, I'm all out of enemies Fuck me, I'm all out of enemies Fuck me, I'm all out of enemies Fuck me, I'm all out of enemies Fuck me, I'm all out of enemies Fuck me, I'm all out of enemies Fuck me, I'm all out of enemies Fuck me, I'm all out of enemies Spit it out All you wanna do is drag me down All I wanna do is stamp you out Spit it out All you wanna do is drag me down All I wanna do is slice you up Spit Spit Spit Spit Spit it out