I'll tell you a story but you won't listen It's about a nightmare steeped in tradition It's the story of a coked-up pansy Who spents his nights in flights of fancy Met two fellas over gin and mixers They talked for a while and soon got the picture One was a souped up Soho mincer And the other was a pikey with a knowledge for scripture Then the conversation turned evil... (evil) Talked, talked and talked about people Why did you do it to so many people? Stumbled left out of the boozer, Threw some schrapnel to the legless fusalier, An endless ceiling and another light, With a half-tenner smile and you're looking alright. That girls out way ahead of the game Way ahead of the game Way ahead of the game You've turned your back upon her One too many times Spent all her hard earned money Getting high she sang( Kate Moss) Is she more beautiful, is she more beautiful Is she more beautiful than me? Is she more beautiful, is she more beautiful Is she more beautiful than me? She's la belle et la bete at the ball La belle et la bete at the ball La belle et la bete at the ball You know she could have us all You've turned your back upon her One too many times Spent all her hard earned money Just getting high... She sang( Kate Moss) Is she more beautiful, is she more beautiful Is she more beautiful than me? (than she) Is she more beautiful, is she more beautiful Is she more beautiful than me? (than she) Is she more beautiful, is she more beautiful Is she more beautiful than she? I'll tell you a story but you won't listen It's about a nightmare steeped in tradition It's the story of a coked-up pansy Who spents his nights in flights of fancy Met two fellas over gin and mixers They talked for a while and soon got the picture One was a souped up Soho mincer And the other was a pikey with a knowledge for scriptures Then the conversation turned evil (evil) Talked and talked and talked about people Why did you do it to so many people? That girls out way ahead of the game Way ahead of the game Way ahead of the game Out Way ahead of the game You've turned your back upon her One too many times Spent all her hard earned money Just getting high... She sang( Kate Moss) Is she more beautiful, is she more beautiful Is she more beautiful than me? Is she more beautiful, is she more beautiful