Going down in it Going down in it Kinda like a cloud I was up, way up in the sky And I was feeling some feelings you wouldn't believe Sometimes I don't believe them myself And I decided I was never coming down Just then a tiny little dot Caught my eye, it was just about too small to see But I watched it way too long It was pulling me down I was up above it I was up above it Now I'm down in it I was up above it I was up above it Now I'm down in it Shut up, so what, what does it matter now? I was swimming in the haze, now I crawl on the ground And everything I never liked about you Is kinda seeping into me Try to laugh about it now but isn't it funny how everything works out" I guess the joke's on me," she said I was up above it I was up above it Now I'm down in it I was up above it I was up above it Now I'm down in it I used to be so big and strong I used to know my right from wrong I used to never be afraid I used to be somebody I used to have something inside Now it's just this hole that's open wide I used to want it all I used to be somebody I'll cross my heart, I'll hope to die But the needle's already in my eye And all the world's weight is on my back And I don't even know why What I used to think was me is just a fading memory I looked him right in the eye and said, " Goodbye" I was up above it I was up above it Now I'm down in it I was up above it I was up above it Now I'm down in it I was up above it I was up above it Now I'm down in it I was up above it Rain, rain, go away, come again some other day Rain, rain, go away, come again some other day Rain, rain, go away, come again some other day Rain, rain, go away, come again some other day I was up above it I was up above it Now I'm down in it I was up above it Now I'm down in itkinda like a cloud I was up wayup in the sky and I was feeling some feelingsyou wouldn't believe sometimes I don't believe them myself and I decided I was never coming down. just then a tiny little dotcaught my eye it was just abouttoo small to see. but I watched it way too longand that dot was pulling me down. I was up above it. I was up above it.now i'm down in it I was up above it. I was up above it.now i'm down in itwell shut up so what what does it matter now. I was swimming in the haze now I crawl on the ground.and everything I never liked about you is kind of seeping into me.try to laugh about it now but isn't it funny how everything works out(" I guess the jokes on me." she said) I used to be so big and strong. I used to know my right from wrong. I used to never be afraid. I used to be somebody I used to have something insidenow just this hole that's open wide. I used to want it all I used to be somebodyi'll cross my heart and hope to diebut the needle's already in my eye.and all the world's weight is on my backand I don't even know why.and what I used to think was me is just a fading memory I looked him right in the eye and said "goodbye."