Road runner, road runner Going hundred miles per hour Road runner, road runner Going hundred miles per hour With your radio on With your radio on Road runner, road runner Going hundred miles per hour With your radio on With your radio on Somalia, Angola, Ghana, Ghana, Ghana India, Sri Lanka, Burma, bamboo banga This the bamboo banga I said bamboo banga This the bamboo banga I said bamboo banga And we're hittin our rackets like a tennis player And the drummers do the shit like the macarena This the jungle banga Or the cold jammer I said jungle banga I said cold jammer I said jungle banga I said cold jammer I'm bored of eating banana I want guanabana I wanna warm my buns this summer, summer, summer, summer Now I'm sittin' down chillin on gun powder Strike, match, light, fire Who's that girl called Maya? M. I. A. coming back with power power M. I. A. coming back with power power I said M. I. A. coming back with power power M. I. A. coming back with power power I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm knocking on the doors of your Hummer, Hummer Yeah, I'm knocking on the doors of your Hummer, Hummer Yeah, I'm knocking on the doors of your Hummer, Hummer Yeah, I'm knocking on the doors of your Hummer, Hummer Yeah we're hungry like the wolves hunting dinner dinner And we're moving with the packs like hyena-ena Barbarella look like she's my dead ringer When I'm dogging on the bonnet of ya red Honda I'm a road runner I'm a world runner I'm a road runner I'm a world runner I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga M. I. A. coming back with power power M. I. A. coming back with power power M. I. A. coming back with power power M. I. A. coming back with power power I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga I'm big timer, it's the bamboo banga