Well, I remember every little thing As if it happened only yesterday Parking by the lake And there was not another car in sight And I never had a girl Looking any better than you did And all the kids at school They were wishing they were me that night And now our bodies are oh so close and tight It never felt so good, it never felt so right And we're glowing like the metal on the edge of a knife Glowing like the metal on the edge of a knife Come on! Hold on tight! Well, come on! Hold on tight! Though it's cold and lonely in the deep, dark night I can see paradise by the dashboard light Ain't no doubt about it, we were doubly blessed' Cause we were barely seventeen And we were barely dressed Ain't no doubt about it Baby, got to go out and shout it Ain't no doubt about it We were doubly blessed' Cause we were barely seventeen And we were barely dressed Baby don'cha hear my heart? You got it drowning out the radio I've been a-waiting so long For you to come along and have some fun And I gotta let you know No, you're never gonna regret it So open up your eyes, I got a big surprise It'll feel all right Well, I wanna make your motor run And now our bodies are oh so close and tight It never felt so good, it never felt so right And we're glowing like the metal on the edge of a knife Glowing like the metal on the edge of a knife Come on! Hold on tight! Well, come on! Hold on tight! Though it's cold and lonely in the deep, dark night I can see paradise by the dashboard light Though it's cold and lonely in the deep, dark night Paradise by the dashboard light You got to do what you can And let Mother Nature do the rest Ain't no doubt about it We were doubly blessed' Cause we were barely seventeen And we were barely We're gonna go all the way tonight We're gonna go all the way and tonight's the night We're gonna go all the way tonight We're gonna go all the way and tonight's the night We're gonna go all the way tonight We're gonna go all the way and tonight's the night We're gonna go all the way tonight We're gonna go all the way and tonight's the night Stop right there! I gotta know right now Before we go any further Do you love me? Will you love me forever? Do you need me? Will you never leave me? Will you make me so happy For the rest of my life? Will you take me away And will you make me your wife? Do you love me? Will you love me forever? Do you need me? Will you never leave me? Will you make me so happy For the rest of my life? Will you take me away And will you make me your wife? I gotta know right now Before we go any further Do you love me? Will you love me forever? Let me sleep on it Baby, baby, let me sleep on it Let me sleep on it I'll give you an answer in the morning Let me sleep on it Baby, baby, let me sleep on it Let me sleep on it I'll give you an answer in the morning Let me sleep on it Baby, baby, let me sleep on it Let me sleep on it I'll give you an answer in the morning I gotta know right now! Do you love me? Will you love me forever? Do you need me? Will you never leave me? Will you make me so happy For the rest of my life? Will you take me away And will you make me your wife? I gotta know right now Before we go any further Do you love me? Will you love me forever? What's it gonna be boy? Come on! I can wait all night What's it gonna be boy, yes or no? What's it gonna be boy, yes or no? Ah, ah, ah, ah-ah-ah, Let me sleep on it Baby, baby let me sleep on it Oh, let me sleep on it I'll give you an answer in the morning I gotta know right now! Do you love me? Will you love me forever? Do you need me? Will you never leave me? Will you make me so happy For the rest of my life? Will you take me away And will you make me your wife? Let me sleep on it Baby, baby let me sleep on it Oh, let me sleep on it I'll give you an answer in the morning The morning, I'll tell you in the morning! I gotta know right now Before we go any further Do you love me? Will you love me forever? Let me sleep on it! Will you love me forever? Let me sleep on it! Will you love me forever? I couldn't take it any longer Lord! I was crazed And when the feeling came upon me Like a tidal wave I started swearing to my God And on my mother's grave That I would love you till the end of time I swore I would love you till the end of time So now I'm praying for the end of time To hurry up and arrive' Cause if I gotta spend another minute with you I don't think that I can really survive I'll never break my promise or forget my vow But God only knows what I can do right now I'm praying for the end of time That's all that I can do, ooh, ooh Praying for the end of time So I can end my time with you And it was long ago and it was far away And it was so much better than it is today It was long ago and it was far away It never felt so good, it never felt so right And it was so much better than it is today And we were glowing like the metal on the edge of a knife It was long ago and it was far away It never felt so good, it never felt so right And it was so much better than it is today And we were glowing like the metal on the edge of a knife It was long ago and it was far away It never felt so good, it never felt so right And it was so much better than it is today And we were glowing like the metal on the edge of a knife